 CHAPTER VIII.  The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
Queen to play croquet.” The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, “From the Queen.
croquet with the Queen,” and she hurried out of the room. The cook
Queen to-day?”
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing
Queen jumped up and bawled out, ‘He’s murdering the time! Off with his
The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
“_You’d_ better not talk!” said Five. “I heard the Queen say only
_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
out “The Queen! The Queen!” and the three gardeners instantly threw
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
at her, and the Queen said severely “Who is this?” She said it to the
“Idiot!” said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
“And who are _these?_” said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
“Nonsense!” said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said “Consider, my
The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave “Turn
“Get up!” said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
“Leave off that!” screamed the Queen. “You make me giddy.” And then,
“_I_ see!” said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
“Are their heads off?” shouted the Queen.
“That’s right!” shouted the Queen. “Can you play croquet?”
“Come on, then!” roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
tone. “The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
Queen said—”
“Get to your places!” shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
ground—and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
“How do you like the Queen?” said the Cat in a low voice.
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
The Queen smiled and passed on.
“Who _are_ you talking to?” said the King, going up to Alice, and
“I don’t like the look of it at all,” said the King: “however, it may
“Don’t be impertinent,” said the King, “and don’t look at me like
“A cat may look at a king,” said Alice. “I’ve read that in some book,
“Well, it must be removed,” said the King very decidedly, and he called
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, “My dear! I wish you would
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
“I’ll fetch the executioner myself,” said the King eagerly, and he
on, as she heard the Queen’s voice in the distance, screaming with
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
The Queen’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
“She’s in prison,” the Queen said to the executioner: “fetch her here.”
the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down looking for it,
Queen in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a
“Now, I give you fair warning,” shouted the Queen, stamping on the
“Let’s go on with the game,” the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen’s absence, and were
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay
All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, “Have
“It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,” said the Queen.
“Come on, then,” said the Queen, “and he shall tell you his history,”
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
number of executions the Queen had ordered.
thing!” said the Queen, “and take this young lady to see the Mock
as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited.
The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
court!” and the King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round,
“Herald, read the accusation!” said the King.
“The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
“Consider your verdict,” the King said to the jury.
“Call the first witness,” said the King; and the White Rabbit blew
“You ought to have finished,” said the King. “When did you begin?”
“Write that down,” the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
“Take off your hat,” the King said to the Hatter.
“_Stolen!_” the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
“Give your evidence,” said the King; “and don’t be nervous, or I’ll
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his
All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
“Give your evidence,” the King repeated angrily, “or I’ll have you
“The twinkling of the _what?_” said the King.
“Of course twinkling begins with a T!” said the King sharply. “Do you
“He denies it,” said the King: “leave out that part.”
“You _must_ remember,” remarked the King, “or I’ll have you executed.”
“You’re a _very_ poor _speaker_,” said the King.
King.
“Then you may _sit_ down,” the King replied.
the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
“You may go,” said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
“—and just take his head off outside,” the Queen added to one of the
“Call the next witness!” said the King.
“Give your evidence,” said the King.
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
“Well, if I must, I must,” the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
“Collar that Dormouse,” the Queen shrieked out. “Behead that Dormouse!
“Never mind!” said the King, with an air of great relief. “Call the
next witness.” And he added in an undertone to the Queen, “Really, my
“The trial cannot proceed,” said the King in a very grave voice, “until
“What do you know about this business?” the King said to Alice.
“Nothing _whatever?_” persisted the King.
“That’s very important,” the King said, turning to the jury. They were
“_Un_important, of course, I meant,” the King hastily said, and went on
At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
“You are,” said the King.
“Nearly two miles high,” added the Queen.
“It’s the oldest rule in the book,” said the King.
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. “Consider your
“What’s in it?” said the Queen.
“It must have been that,” said the King, “unless it was written to
“He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,” said the King. (The jury
“If you didn’t sign it,” said the King, “that only makes the matter
clever thing the King had said that day.
“That _proves_ his guilt,” said the Queen.
“Read them,” said the King.
“Begin at the beginning,” the King said gravely, “and go on till you
King, rubbing his hands; “so now let the jury—”
“If there’s no meaning in it,” said the King, “that saves a world of
“All right, so far,” said the King, and he went on muttering over the
“Why, there they are!” said the King triumphantly, pointing to the
think?” he said to the Queen.
“Never!” said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
“Then the words don’t _fit_ you,” said the King, looking round the
“It’s a pun!” the King added in an offended tone, and everybody
laughed, “Let the jury consider their verdict,” the King said, for
“No, no!” said the Queen. “Sentence first—verdict afterwards.”
“Hold your tongue!” said the Queen, turning purple.
“Off with her head!” the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen’s shrill
